clarify wallet rendering reference (#118)
decentralized-identity/credential-manifest: spec/spec.md

### Vocabulary Definition

The _Wallet Rendering_ specification adopts and defines the following JSON Schema data format and processing variant. 
If _Wallet Rendering_ is used, the implementers ****MUST****
support for evaluation of the portions of the _Wallet Rendering_
specification that call for JSON Schema validation:
https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-handrews-json-schema-02

```

> NOE: _Wallet Rendering_ is still under development and should be considered unstable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: _Wallet Rendering_ is still under development (also at DIF) and should be considered unstable until a stable version is released. 
```
